Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m going to
explain a Zombie comedy film called “Fido,”
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!
In an alternate universe, a cloud of radiation
coming from outer space has engulfed the earth.
The radiation caused the buried dead bodies to
reanimate and attack humans as flesh-eating
zombies. Soon, the earth was swoon with
such creatures who started killing everyone
that came in their way. Mankind retaliated,
and a zombie war started. Humans had a hard
time winning the war until their savior
Dr. Reinhold Geiger established an organization
called the Zomcon. The doctor discovered that
if the brain of a zombie was destroyed, the
zombie would die, never to reanimate again.
Using this information, the soldiers fighting
the zombies aimed for their brains, and soon
the war was won. Zomcon built a security system
to save their town from further zombie attacks.
They built a perimeter fence that enclosed
the town to not allow the zombies to enter.
But even within the fence, when people die, they
would turn into zombies because of the radiation.
People’s lives were at great risk, but Dr.
Reinhold Geiger came through with a great
invention called the domestication collar. With
this collar, the zombie’s flesh cravings would
die down, making them docile. A red light from the
collar suggests that the zombie’s desire for the
flesh has been contained. People were suggested
to call Zomcon or push the nearest safety button
if the light from the collar goes out.
When the zombies became docile,
people started using them as maids and butlers
to help them with household work. Those who did
not wish to live like zombies and could afford
a funeral were buried deep inside the ground
after their heads were cut off from their bodies,
also known as the “reanimation free” burial.
In the town of Willard, children in school are
taught about Zomcon and the history of zombies.
In one of such classes, the head of security at
Zomcon, Jonathan Bottoms, visits the students.
Mr. Bottoms’s daughter, Cindy is also a student in
the class. Mr. Bottoms boasts about him making the
town's safety against the zombies tighter, making
the students clap in appreciation. But a kid named
Timmy Robinson doesn’t seem impressed. He asks Mr.
Bottoms what would happen if the zombies who were
buried come out someday. He thinks that they might
have been crawling their way up little by little.
Mr. Bottoms is left speechless, and
the teacher soon ends the class.
The kids are also taught to use a rifle in
Willard, to prepare them for any kind of
zombie attack. Two of Timmy’s friends
bully him and are sent for detention.
When he comes back home, Tommy sees that the
Barrows family is moving into their neighborhood.
Tommy’s mother Helen welcomes him home and
dismisses him, when he talks about his bullies.
Later at night, his father Bill returns from work
and sees Helen has prepared a plethora of dishes
for him. It turns out that she had bought a zombie
to help her around the house. Bill is not thrilled
about the new purchase ,because he is scared
of zombies. But Helen insists that their new
neighbors have six zombies, and they should have
at least one. Bill controls the creature through a
remote and hurts him in the process. Little Timmy
pities the zombie and asks his father to stop.
The following day, Timmy waits for Bill to play
catch with him, but Bill makes an excuse and goes
out to play golf with his friends. Timmy’s parents
are nonchalant about their duty towards their kid.
His needs are often ignored in his home. He goes
outside to play alone, but Helen asks him to stop
because she doesn’t want the neighbors to think he
is lonely. Timmy then goes to the park and sees a
zombie trying to fetch a can from the ground.
Someone is controlling the can from the bushes
and troubling the zombie. Timmy goes to the bushes
and sees that his bullies are responsible for the
prank. The bullies push him to the ground and
are about to shoot him when Timmy’s new zombie
comes to his aid. He pushes the bullies away
and saves him. A happy Timmy thanks the zombie
and names him Fido. Then, the two try to play
catch, but Fido doesn’t know how. So, instead,
Timmy plays fetch with Fido, treating him like his
pet dog. As they play, the ball lands near Timmy’s
aggressive old neighbor, Mrs. Henderson. When
Fido goes to pick it up, the old woman attacks him
and hits him repeatedly, making his collar
dysfunctional. Fido turns into a flesh-eating
zombie again and kills Mrs. Henderson. Just then,
Timmy arrives at the scene and is horrified to
see him feeding on Mrs. Henderson. Fido makes
his way towards Timmy, but suddenly, his collar
starts working again. Timmy takes him back home,
but they forget to take the ball with them.
Fido and Timmy are now in Bill’s garage, where
Timmy cleans him. He notices a surgery mark on
Fido’s chest and figures that he died from
a heart attack. Helen walks in and asks them
what they are doing. Fido tries to tell her
about Mrs. Henderson, but Helen doesn’t give
him a chance to talk. At breakfast the next day,
Timmy mentions that Fido died from a heart attack
like Bill’s father, which upsets Bill. He had to
kill his own father during the zombie war. Then,
Mr. Bottoms come over at Timmy’s to socialize and
talk about Mrs. Henderson’s sudden disappearance.
It turns out that the police have started looking
for her. Timmy listens to their conversation.
After the guests leave, he asks his parents about
Mrs. Henderson. Helen tells him that if a pet
zombie has attacked Mrs. Henderson, his masters
would be thrown to the danger zone outside the
town. At night, Mrs. Henderson turns into a zombie
and walks around the town. She attacks a man,
turning him into a zombie as well. Timmy is
scared of being thrown into the danger zone,
so he goes out looking for Mrs. Henderson’s dead
body to hide it. But he only finds her decapitated
arm. Suddenly, the zombie Mrs. Henderson attacks
Timmy, but he manages to hit her with a shovel.
After hitting her repeatedly, he decapitates
her and then buries her in a public garden.
Fido is kept tied to a tree outside at night.
Timmy sees him struggling and making a lot of
noise. When he goes to check on him, he finds that
the light in the collar is off, which means that
it isn’t working. The noise wakes one of Timmy’s
neighbors named Theopolis. He offers to help Timmy
with the zombie problem. The two bring Fido to Mr.
Theopolis’s house, where he fixes his collar. They
agree not to tell anyone of the incident because
a dysfunctioning collar should be reported to the
Zomcon. The next day, Helen gets Fido dressed
up in Bill’s suit to take him to a funeral. She
has started liking Fido. Bill is obsessed with
zombie funerals and attends one whenever he can.
The four attend the funeral, where the zombie’s
body and head are put into two different coffins.
Meanwhile, the zombie that Mrs. Henderson
had bitten attacks other people in the park.
The town is now infested with zombies. The
Zomcon workers fight them and try to bring
the situation under control. The following
day, Helen sees Timmy playing with Fido and
is happy to see he has finally found a friend.
She brings juice for both. Bill complains,
saying that the zombie doesn’t need to
eat or drink, but Helen insists he can.
She asks Bill to stay home and enjoy time with
family, but he drives away with his friend.
While leaving, he turns around to see Fido,
Helen, and Timmy playing like a happy family.
One day, Timmy’s bullies are caught by Mr. Bottoms
for accidentally shooting a Zomcon worker’s leg.
Mr. Bottoms suspects that the kids shot Mrs.
Henderson and killed her, who in turn is creating
more zombies. But the kids push the blame upon
Timmy and Fido, saying that Fido attacked them
at the park earlier. Then, we see Fido and Tommy
climbing up a hill while talking about how they’re
always going to be together. Suddenly, they are
attacked by the bullies again who tie them to
a tree. Their plan is to destroy the collar and
then kill Fido so everyone would think they are
the town's heroes. They break his collar but are
too scared to shoot him. But one of them gets shot
instead. Fido frees himself and chases the bully
into a small cabin nearby. There, he eats him.
He then approaches Timmy but doesn’t attack him.
Fido has built an emotional connection with Timmy,
greater than his hunger for flesh. When he cannot
untie Timmy himself, Fido goes to search for help
and brings back Helen. A bully has turned into a
zombie and is about to attack Timmy but Fido and
Helen reach just in time to stop him. Helen burns
the little cabin to get rid of the evidence.
Later, the Robinsons are at Mr. Bottoms’s home.
Helen talks to Bottom’s wife Dee Dee about her
being pregnant. Mr. Bottoms has been noticing
Helen being friendly to Fido and warns Bill
about the situation. He suspects Fido to be Mrs.
Henderson’s killer. When they come back home,
Bill tries talking to Helen but is dismissed.
Meanwhile, the Zomcon workers find Mrs.
Henderson’s body and the ball Timmy had left at
the site. They trace the murder back to Fido and
arrest him the following day. A saddened Timmy
chases the van Fido is in but is stopped by Mr.
Bottoms. After a few days, Mr. Bottoms’s daughter
Cindy tells Timmy that Fido is still alive.
She had heard Mr. Bottoms talking to someone
on the phone about not wasting a good zombie.
Fido is being made to work in a Zomcon factory
as free labor. They ask for their neighbor,
Mr. Theopolis’s help to get into the factory
and rescue Fido. Mr. Theopolis used to be a
worker at Zomcon but was fired for being
in a romantic relationship with a zombie.
He and Timmy go to the Zomcon headquarter
where people go to repair their old zombies.
Mr. Theopolis breaks a zombie’s collar
and creates havoc in the establishment.
Now, they just have to go to the factory
on the other side and bring Fido back.
Meanwhile, Helen and Bill find out about Timmy’s
plan and make their way to the Zomcon headquarter
as well. Timmy manages to get inside the factory
while Mr. Theopolis fights the receptionist. But,
Mr. Bottoms sees that Timmy has snuck in through
the surveillance camera. Mr. Bottoms finds Timmy
and throws him to the other side of the fence
that protects the town. Several wild zombies make
their way to the kid as he yells for help. Just
then, Fido and Bill arrive and ask Mr. Bottoms
to let Timmy in. Bill and Mr. Bottoms get into an
intense fight and Timmy manages to get inside the
fence again. He points a rifle at Mr. Bottoms and
asks his father to be let free, but Mr. Bottoms
accidentally shoots Bill dead. Timmy then breaks
Fido’s collar and makes him attack Mr. Bottoms.
Fido finally kills Bottom and saves Timmy.
Sometime later, Helen organizes a funeral for
Bill. Fido has been freed from imprisonment and
lives with Helen, Timmy, and Helen’s newborn
child. Mr. Bottoms has turned into a zombie and
is controlled by his daughter Cindy. The movie
ends as Fido lovingly caresses the newborn baby.
Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave
a like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.